feat: add dev relations advocate role (#474)
ory/web: src/markdown/jobs/devreladvocate.mdx

---
published: true
path: '/jobs/development-relations-advocate/'
title: 'Development Relations Advocate'
metaTitle: 'Open Dev Relations Careers at Ory'
metaDescription: 'Read the Development Relations Advocate job description.'

> lastUpdatedAt: 'December 14, 2021'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lastUpdatedAt: 'December 15, 2021'
```

description:
  'Champion Ory’s developer relations and products.'
location: 'Munich, Germany'
position: 'Full Time'
---

import { About, Dev, WorkAtOry } from './shared'

## Development Relations Advocate

<About />

Ory is the largest open-source authentication and authorization (login,
registration, MFA, permissions, OAuth2) ecosystem and community in the world. We
develop open-source software and use it to build a scalable, easy-to-use, and
secure cloud platform. You will provide organizational support to Ory leadership
to ensure smooth operations and communications. Together with the CEO, you will
provide a core leadership function that collaborates with UX design,
engineering, finance, marketing, and data analytics.

### Overview

- **Position Type:** Full Time
- **Location**: Munich, Germany
- **Components**: Ory Open Source, Github, Slack, Socials

### What You'll Do

> - Collaborate with product managers and engineering teams to understand the suite of Ory products; then create top-notch content to engage and inspire developers of all skill levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collaborate with product managers, engineering, and digital marketing to understand the suite of Ory products
```

> - Drive adoption of the Cloud platform through your interactions with developers building applications and businesses using Ory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Drive adoption of the Cloud platform through your interactions with developers building applications and businesses using Ory
```
```suggestion
Create top-notch content to engage and inspire developers of all skill levels
```
